The
In my experience
Oh, when multiplied by the sudden braking
I'm going to speed threatening when I turn around the corner
Whether the bicycle is what kind of movement
The accident that occurred because I did not know properly
There are many
I 'll remember from now on because I'm going to experiment
me
At first, when we applied both the front and rear brakes
How long will it take you to stop and apply the brake after noticing danger ?
First of all, on a bicycle running at normal speed
It stopped at about 3 meters and 40 centimeters
But I 'm told
Even if I put on the brake, I wo n't get it right away
Suddenly Stop not pedestrians and bicycle and has issued a spade because
There is a risk of hitting a car
me
goo
What happens is pre-party and in applying the only brake before on the right side of the handle
There is also a great risk of falling and being overwhelmed by speeding up.
Oh
Next I will try only the gray machine behind
There is a risk that the rear tires will slip and fall while speeding up
So it is important to apply the brakes in a balanced manner
I If you do not care to put too much speed at the same
Next I will do an experiment when I turn the corner
If you turn the corner at a slow speed, you can turn in a small circle.
But when it bends with speed , it will swell greatly
It's become very accident When there comes a car or motorcycle
So it's important to turn at a lower speed before turning around the corner
The last is an experiment when the car suddenly brakes
Sudden braking at 50 km / h
The distance from the brake to the trouble was about 9 meters 70 centimeters
That means if you jump out with a sudden turn change or pause violation
Follow
The car can not stop suddenly
Various experiment days
I know that I can not shut my bicycle or car suddenly
So
Pause violation place human course change something good
First of all